"高亮搜索结果
set hlsearch
"增量搜索
set incsearch
set ignorecase
set smartcase
set showmode
set number relativenumber
set scrolloff=3
set history=100000
" clear the highlighted search result
nnoremap <Space>sc :nohlsearch<CR>

nnoremap <Space>fs :w<CR>

" Quit normal mode
nnoremap <Space>q  :q<CR>
nnoremap <Space>Q  :qa!<CR>

" Move half page faster
nnoremap <Space>d  <C-d>
nnoremap <Space>u  <C-u>

" Insert mode shortcut
inoremap <C-h> <Left>
inoremap <C-j> <Down>
inoremap <C-k> <Up>
inoremap <C-l> <Right>
"inoremap <C-a> <Home>
"inoremap <C-e> <End>
"inoremap <C-d> <Delete>

" Quit insert mode
inoremap jk <Esc>

" Quit visual mode
vnoremap v <Esc>

" Move to the start of line
"nnoremap H ^

" Move to the end of line
"nnoremap L $

" Redo
nnoremap U <C-r>

" Yank to the end of line
"nnoremap Y y$

" add system clipboard
set clipboard+=unnamed
" Window operation
nnoremap <Space>ww <C-W>w
nnoremap <Space>wd <C-W>c
nnoremap <Space>wj <C-W>j
nnoremap <Space>wk <C-W>k
nnoremap <Space>wh <C-W>h
nnoremap <Space>wl <C-W>l
nnoremap <Space>ws <C-W>s
nnoremap <Space>w- <C-W>s
nnoremap <Space>wv <C-W>v
nnoremap <Space>w\| <C-W>v

" Tab operation
nnoremap tn gt
nnoremap tp gT
